NETFLIX PRESENTS
My name is Maca.
I'm 29 years old.
I've spent 28 of those years as a loser,
but I'm evolving.
I'm becoming…
a cool girl.
-I can't do it!
-Come on, Adri.
-Are you shitting me? We're all doing it.
-What? It looks great like this.
Looks like a pair of DDs.
More like As.
Honestly, I've never been a fan of pain.
No pain like the pain of feeling weak.
You're not weak.
Let's do this.
Okay… I believe in love
more than anything.
I believe in Julián, the family book,
Sunday lunches with my mother-in-law,
wedding anniversaries,
and I really believe in our mortgage.
Now's not the time to get into it.
Adriana already knows
what I think of her marriage.
-Yeah, you like that?
-I love it.
Come here, babe.
No, don't worry about me. Cum.
She's trying to convince us
that she could be asexual.
Just because you said "I do"
doesn't mean you have to settle for less.
I've told her
there's no way she's asexual.
Is it true that
in some tribes in Papua New Guinea,
tattoos are used to summon the dead?
Jimena and Santi were dating the day
he crossed the street without looking.
That was 11 years ago.
I gotta choose
between the triple-camera one
and the one with insane memory.
What do you think?
Since then, she's been obsessed
with Nesquik and seeing him again.
Her latest attempt came from Indonesia.
Reincarnation salts.
Santi's spirit is on the way
for 200 dollars plus shipping.
Jime's convinced Santi will be back
in the flesh sooner or later,
so she looks for him where the flesh is.
But they always do or say something
Santi never would've.
And then, of course,
the search begins again.
I'm not perfect either.
I wish I were more confident,
stronger, didn't care what people think.
But I'm working on it.
It was declined.
-Shoot.
-Typical.
Think of it as me
helping you become empowered.
But he's cute. That's all I need.
I see him once a week.
We don't do movies
or shopping or dinners, none of that shit.
It leaves me free to do my own thing.
Being coupled up is like
being swallowed by a mental black hole.
It's a distraction.
I go out on my own,
and I have sex with him.
Don't get me wrong.
I used to be a hopeless romantic, but then
I saw the light.
-Turn that off.
-What?
Turn that off, dammit!
Quick! Turn that off before--
What the hell was that?
I said I was working on it, okay?
But it sucks
to always be talking about men.
Let's talk about me.
Watch it! The matcha
can't mix with the soy milk. Shit.
Good morning.
I've posted the photo I edited yesterday
with the hashtag #AdoptDontShop.
And I got Andrés Sardá
to do your gown for the ceremony
and ODYSSEY to do your makeup.
And I'm finishing up your speech now.
-As soon as it's done--
-Maca, what's this?
-Your matcha.
-I told you about it in a voice message.
-A voice message?
-Yes, sweetie, a voice message.
At four in the morning.
I'm trying a new diet.
No eating for 20 hours a day.
What? Women in Kolkata have been doing it
for centuries. They look great.
Are you sure they're choosing to fast?
What?
-Never mind. I'll have it.
-I don't want any temptations nearby.
Okay? So, when you're with me,
you have to pretend you're fasting too.
For solidarity.
And Maca, I want you in heels.
You know that.
Sometimes I just can't with you.
I don't wear heels
because I refuse to get blisters
for someone who pays me under the table,
makes me work weekends,
and is now having me starve to death.
How about a bit of respect?
Let's talk about the ulcer I'm getting
from not daring to speak my mind to Pipa,
my unbearable and tyrannical boss.
But slaves don't complain,
and that's basically what I am to her.
I started working for Pipa
a year and a half ago,
when I didn't believe in myself at all.
To be fair, she never lied to me.
You'll do it all,
but you won't get any credit.
Photos, writing, tying my shoelaces.
I'll pay you very little.
I'll demand a lot.
And I'll make you cry.
But it won't be my fault.
I was diagnosed as a psychopath.
So, I guess I couldn't care less
about your feelings.
When can I start?
Pipa is ninth
in the national ranking of influencers.
She's gone up 12 positions
since last year.
-Pipa!
She thinks it's the new vintage filter.
But I think there's another reason for it.
Pipa! Over here.
And Best Communication
on Social Media goes to
Pipa!
Thank you.
Thank you very much.
I'm… a little nervous.
Just one post
can reach thousands of people.
We have the responsibility
and duty to change things.
It's the art of communicating.
Thank you to my followers
and all of you here today.
Thank you from the bottom of my heart.
I never could have won this award
without the help of…
My Boost-Up Serum Magic Fresh Light
by Ophalo.
Available for 25 euros
in department stores. Thank you!
Oh, shit.
Hello? Is someone there?
Anyone have a tampon?
Yeah. I've got something even better.
I keep one of these on me to give away.
Just try it. You'll love it. You'll see.
I've been trying to use a cup for months,
but I can never get the hang of it.
This is my brand, and they're easy to use.
-Raquel?
-Yeah?
Raquel, it's me, Maca.
Maca, honey.
Of course. I saw Pipa,
and I thought of you.
About the cup, listen.
Grab the wide part with your fingers.
And it'll go in a lot easier. You'll see.
All right.
-Got it?
-Just a second. Let me try.
Okay.
Yeah. It went in perfectly.
-They're something else, right?
-They're wonderful.
-Raquel.
-Maca.
-You look great.
-Congrats on your awards.
Thanks. It's always nice
to get recognition.
-How are you?
-Swamped, as always.
Pipa is such a diva.
I keep telling you, with your potential,
agencies should be fighting over you.
Yeah. I just don't know
if that's what I want.
Well, you certainly don't want
to be exploited.
No, definitely not.
It's time you made new contacts.
-Stand up for yourself.
-For me? Really?
You deserve it.
Thanks.
Well, I'm off.
This is a snoozefest, and I have a date.
-Have fun!
-Thanks.
-Bye.
Pipa!
I put in tons of overtime
yesterday and the day before, so…
So?
So… I'm going home.
You'll have to get back on your own.
And tomorrow, I'm coming in at 11:00.
No, 12:00.
Oh, sweetie.
-What?
-Look at your feet.
You think that's okay?
I ask you to dress well,
and you pick today of all days
to publicly embarrass me.
Well, Converse are in again.
Yeah. If you're cool enough
to pull them off.
Poor thing. She's clueless.
Okay. They're expensive.
And I need the job.
Plus, I can't afford to make a huge scene.
Girls, you won't believe
what Pipa just did.
She's the fucking worst.
I was in the bathroom,
and I ran into Raquel,
that influencer I told you about,
who's super nice.
Raquel.
Shit.
Leo's back.
And he's with Raquel.
-What's your name?
-Macarena.
Do you go by Maca or Macarena?
Maca.
Maca. I love that name, "Maca."
Here's to you, Maca.
-And what's your name?
-I'm Leo.
No toast for me, then?
It was the deepest,
most passionate experience of my life.
Since that first look.
All the joy movies had promised me
seemed real and infinite.
Okay, recite…
Section 66, point two?
"When there are
two or more mitigating circumstances,
the court shall impose… the punishment
that is lesser by one or two degrees
to that established by law."
Maca, you know
I can't stand it when you do that.
-I'm the one who can't stand you.
-No, I can't stand you.
-You're such an idiot.
-Shut up.
Our connection was intense.
So intense.
I felt like what we had was unique
and could never be repeated
with anyone else.
Ever.
But one day, he disappeared.
He up and left the life
we'd planned together.
He never apologized.
He just left.
And I ended up stuck,
believing I'd never be happy without him.
What are you guys doing here?
-Come on.
-But… Close the door.
-Let me guess, you haven't slept at all?
-All right. Who needs coffee?
-No.
-Maca, get up.
-Get up.
-Help me, Adri.
-I'm fine. For real, okay?
-But--
-Come on.
-Now pants.
-All right. Come on.
-Can't we just sleep for a teeny bit more?
-No.
All right. Let's have breakfast.
Excuse me.
Carbs are good. Carbs are great.
I put a hex on him
so he'd go back to Boston.
-And get crabs. The cherry on top.
-I'm fine.
Girls, I am fine.
You sent this at four in the morning.
Wait till you hear what you sent at five.
Well, okay.
It wasn't my best night.
Leo…
Leo was an important person in my life,
and he left me with some… issues.
Thanks.
"Issues"?
Okay, fine.
He gave me… fucking romantic PTSD.
But now I see things differently.
I understand it.
I know it's our immature society's fault
for making us, especially women,
believe in fairy tales.
You're handling it better this time.
Someone who hurt me
and didn't even apologize
doesn't deserve my attention.
I'm still on my way to feeling confident.
This doesn't change a thing. Not a thing.
How'd he look?
Still got that hunter-gatherer ass?
You help by comforting her.
I help by saying shit's gonna hit the fan.
Jime, I'm the new Maca.
I'm Maca 2.0.
Trust me.
You know you need to shower, right?
-Yeah. I will.
-Yeah.
All right.
Bye, girls.
-Take care of yourself.
-Shower.
-Thanks.
-You're such a bitch.
-Bye, Maca.
-Bye.
Did you buy what she said about Leo?
She had 12 churros
and hot chocolate. She's fine.
Are you for real? "Maca 2.0"?
-Adri, come on.
-Jime.
-She's not even Maca 1.5.
-People can change.
-Oh yeah?
-Yeah.
Well, maybe you'll surprise us
and turn into a sex maniac.
Oh!
How about you?
-Thought about seeing a psychologist?
-What?
Jime.
You're unbelievable.
Jime! Where are you going?
I can't believe this.
Excuse me.
It's an emergency.
My back.
-It's killing me.
-Do you have an appointment?
No. It just happened today.
I woke up like this.
I need to be seen
by the guy who just came in.
-Samuel?
-Yes.
Yeah, Samuel.
I mean, Samu.
Are you a patient of his,
a relative, a friend?
No. Not yet.
You'll have to make an appointment.
We don't handle emergencies.
Please, it's important.
-We're all booked--
-Samuel! I need you to check out… my back.
It's killing me.
-I can barely walk or do anything.
-Do you have an appointment?
-No. She just showed up.
-Get her info.
We'll give you
the first opening we have this week. Okay?
Hey, calm down.
I can take a quick look.
-Head on in.
-Okay.
-If José Luis comes, ask him to wait.
-All right.
Tell me what's going on.
I didn't quite get it.
Okay. Well, look, my entire back hurts.
All of it.
From top to bottom.
Even here.
This is where it hurts the most.
I can barely sit in a chair.
-All right.
-Here, my butt.
The sacrum, then?
-Sacrum, butt, whatever.
-Let's take a look.
Okay.
-Can I ask you something?
-Yeah?
Does the name… Santi Asenjo… ring a bell?
-Who?
-Oh, right.
When someone is reincarnated,
they don't know it.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Let's see. Hold on.
If I press here, does it hurt?
-You're not groaning as much as before.
-Let's see.
-Does that hurt?
-It hurts a lot.
-All right.
-Yeah, it really does.
Even if you don't remember him,
I bet you like the same stuff.
You must remember Aragorn's sword
in the battle of Morannon.
"I bid you stand, Men of the East!"
-Take a deep breath in for me, okay?
-Sure.
Let it out.
Holy shit!
That's all the time I have.
Have Marta schedule you for this week.
-Your back's a mess.
-Sure.
-Okay?
-Okay.
And it's, "I bid you stand,
Men of the West." Okay?
Hell yes!
Hello. Can I help you?
Can I help you?
No, can I help you?
What do you want, ma'am?
-Do you have a problem with my heels?
-No. Don't get me wrong.
Don't get yourself wrong, honey.
I see you judging me.
Not at all. I've always
admired people who wear heels.
Right. This is the part where you tell me
you have tons of gay friends.
As a matter of fact, I do.
I have lots of them. Excuse me.
Typical fake liberal.
Pipa, you got a new assistant?
-Figured it would take you down a notch.
-All I did was set some limits.
I don't know how things work in Lavapiés,
but here, the boss does that.
And Luigi actually values
this job opportunity.
So, you're an intern? Is she paying you?
Her work drives me crazy.
Do you know about trip planning,
scheduling, contacting brands,
social media management,
positioning tricks, metrics,
long-term planning,
photography, and editing?
Of course.
Got a survival kit?
Double-sided tape?
It's a must-have. Especially with Pipa.
What was your name again?
Here's the dress.
You'll look stunning, promise.
Tell me if you need anything.
Hey, listen. I was thinking,
have you tried sex in parking lots?
Parking lots. Not a bad idea.
We've tried tantra,
costumes, even that thing with ropes.
The other day, we pretended
we were strangers at a bar.
And did it work?
-Maca, what if we try a threesome?
-Really?
Why not? It could be a good incentive.
But… what if Julián
falls for the other girl?
Or would it be with a guy?
What if he falls for the guy?
What's wrong?
Look. Look at this.
-Okay. Don't panic. Let's take a look.
-My wedding's this Saturday.
I've been sticking to the diet.
I don't get it!
It's just the stress. Don't worry.
Well, now I really am stressed!
But what's the problem?
I need to lose four damn pounds,
and my wedding's in four days.
Well, I think you look great.
Really. And your fiancé
won't care about those four extra pounds.
Or will he?
-Do you think he will?
-Yeah.
Well, look.
If he cares, you're off to a bad start.
Why?
What'll happen
when you start getting wrinkles?
Or your body isn't what it used to be
after your first pregnancy?
If that's the case,
I'd say he's not worth it.
Better to realize it
before you get married.
There's nothing wrong with you.
He's the problem.
What?
It's better to be alone--
Maca! Wait here.
We'll continue this conversation later.
No. Don't worry.
We'll go to the dressmaker this afternoon
and get it fixed right away.
You'll look stunning. You'll see.
WANNA FCK?
-Maca.
-What?
-Why don't we go to my place?
-No.
-I always cramp up in here.
Your place is like a dorm,
and I always end up cleaning it.
What kind of excuse is that?
-Maca.
-What?
Maybe we're not on the same page?
-I'm sure of that.
-Maybe you're feeling stuff?
-What are you talking about?
-No? Okay.
Maca, babe. How are you?
My eco art exhibition
is opening this Saturday.
The media will be there,
and so will tons of people from the scene.
People who'd for sure
be interested in hiring you.
And I'd love to have you there.
Come on.
I really think it's time you left Pipa.
Let me know if you can make it. Kisses.
CRAPPY DECISION
We have to go.
If work is my top priority right now,
I have to accept the invite.
It's a great opportunity.
No way. Leo will be there.
Find a job some other way.
I need all of Raquel's contacts.
You're mature enough to know
it would be a disaster.
There's life beyond Raquel's contacts.
Mature? The problem is
Leo always ends up dictating my life.
I abandoned myself to focus on him.
Will I still take him into account
when making decisions about my life?
Excuse me.
Maca?
Leo.
What are…?
-Here with your new girlfriend?
-What?
Why are you here?
Networking so I can leave my shitty job.
Raquel's the sweetest.
-Wait. How do you…?
-Hey.
Wow, you two know each other?
-Yeah.
-Yeah, we were…
-Yeah, we dated for a while years ago.
I'll have to hear all his secrets, then.
Not necessary.
I bet she barely remembers me.
Raquel? What a wonderful display.
Who's the artist?
"For a while"?
I'll introduce you to him.
Sure. Want to meet the artist?
-Sure. Yeah.
-Great.
Thanks.
-How are you doing? Having fun?
-Are you?
So, what's this
about you looking for a job here?
It's… strange.
What's strange
is you dating an influencer.
So, you didn't go into law?
After that effort to learn the penal code…
Well, we tend
to waste our time when we're young.
And yourself?
This doesn't seem like
a bohemian philologist's scene.
I'm a college professor now.
I came back to Madrid to teach.
Leo the civil servant?
May all your big dreams rest in peace.
Yeah, at least I had dreams.
Okay. Well, I wish you all the best
with your classes, Raquel, all of it.
Maca, can we talk like adults?
Sure. Of course we can.
How's being back in Madrid?
Great. I found an apartment
in the city center.
-Really? Where?
-In Chamberí.
-Wow.
-What?
-Considering how bad teachers have it…
-I've been tenured.
I'm glad your life's been a straight path
to success, no ups and downs.
Am I detecting a smidge of sarcasm?
What do you mean? I've grown up too.
Yeah? I don't think so.
Your eyes tell me you haven't changed.
You're the one who hasn't changed,
the guy who ruins someone's life
and never apologizes.
-Then time goes by, and we're friends?
-It's been years.
Get over it already, okay?
What do you want me to say?
That I'm a jerk?
Fine. I'm a jerk,
and I'll always be one. That better?
Running away like a coward,
your specialty.
He's a cutie, isn't he? Leo.
Yeah, he's a cutie. Were you really close?
-No. We were only together for five years.
-Five years? But didn't he say--?
Yeah. Leo's a free spirit.
Always saying one thing and doing another.
What do you mean?
To be clear,
I want to screw him over
because it's not fair that things
are going so well for him.
But I also want to rescue her.
Wouldn't you warn someone
before they fell into a well?
I wish someone had given me
that spoiler back then. Sisterhood.
Well, he threw my heart onto the floor
and then danced on it
until it was nothing but trampled mush.
-But what happened?
-He's the biggest asshole I've ever met.
He threw me away like I was nothing.
He destroyed my future.
I'll just give you one piece of advice.
Run. Run away and never look back.
Oops, I gotta go. It's getting late.
Everything okay?
-How are you doing this week, Jimena?
-Great, actually.
I managed to get the first encyclopedia
of paranormal phenomena published.
That's great,
but I meant in terms of your back.
My back?
-Not good. My back hurts.
-Okay.
Good.
Turn your head to the right, slowly.
Okay. Now to the left.
Okay.
Do you believe in love?
-What kind of question is that?
-I don't know. Just a question.
It's a question
for your psychologist or your friend,
not your physical therapist.
Know why I'm really here?
My back does happen to be killing me.
But what I'd really like is to…
have a drink with you.
The thing is,
I don't date my patients, Jimena.
-But we really vibe, Samuel.
-Yeah. That's true.
So?
I don't know. It'd be weird
for us to go out for a drink.
Why? It's a drink. Just one drink.
-Just one drink.
-Yeah.
-That does sound good.
-Of course it does.
All right. One drink.
One drink, and then…
-And then we'll see what happens.
-Right.
We'll see.
Don't laugh,
but I could really go for some Nesquik.
What?
Well…
A toast?
-To tonight.
-Cheers.
Come here.
-Macarena Bartual?
-Yeah, that's me.
YOUR DIGNITY WILL REMEMBER YOU
Sorry for your loss.
DEAR MACARENA,
MY MOST SINCERE CONDOLENCES
FOR THE LOSS OF YOUR WILLPOWER.
WARM REGARDS, LEO
P.S. FUCK YOU
SCHOOL OF HUMANITIES
-Good morning.
Okay, let's get to it.
I'm going to have you write a paper.
-Yes.
-No.
I want you to reflect on amour fou.
The insanity of love.
You mean,
falling for someone big time, right?
Falling for someone, not being able
to tell expectations from reality.
Authors from this period describe
a woman's experience of love as…
agonizing.
Love was even depicted
almost like a mental illness.
And perhaps it was.
Honestly, I expected more sensitivity
from a literature professor.
What are you…?
I'm sorry?
I mean, you read and analyze a lot,
but it seems
you don't quite grasp human emotions.
Sorry, but we're not debating
my emotional competence.
Of course not.
You can't debate what doesn't exist.
All right. Just a minute.
I'm talking about a specific period
in 19th-century literature.
By saying that women
were crazy with love, right?
Without clarifying
it isn't intrinsic to them,
without providing context.
That's what's in the books.
This is literature class, not history.
You should adopt a more critical,
less complaisant approach.
She's right.
-Why are you in my class?
-I'm new. Auditing. Check your roster.
No need for that.
Look, this has nothing to do
with my personal beliefs.
In fact, I'm a feminist
and fully in favor of gender equality.
But? Come on, man.
Don't try to take us for a ride.
If you're presenting
a way of explaining love
that's more damaging to women,
we need to condemn it
for leading us to where we are now.
In bad shape,
carrying too much cultural baggage.
-That's true!
-Right on!
Just a minute.
Care to tell me
how the way I explain a literary period
is related to problems you face today?
Cultural pressure on romance
compels us to believe
we need the first charming asshole
we meet.
Exactly!
Hey! Don't worry.
It's so much less common now.
Whoever you're with will see you
for what you are and dump you.
Screw this paper you assigned.
Screw it!
Hey! We can't just leave it at that.
Let's go to the department head
and protest this sexism.
Get your testosterone out of our brains!
Fine.
That's fine.
Let me remind you, if you leave,
you'll be considered absent.
And the paper's still due.
What the hell's wrong with you?
First, you tell Raquel lies about me
and now I can tell
she doesn't trust me at all.
I haven't even gotten started.
And now you're turning my class
against me. Why?
What about the wreath?
That was a dick move, and you know it.
The wreath…
Look, Maca, we need to stop.
It's absurd. It's getting us nowhere.
And beyond that… At our age, it's…
I hate when you talk to me
with such contempt.
As if it was my fault that I was hurt
or that I loved you so much, but…
I wish I hadn't.
You could try to understand.
But never mind, I guess.
I shouldn't care about it.
But you do care.
I care too.
Because, in the end, only we know
how we feel for each other.
How we felt, Leo. Don't get it wrong.
Maca, you drive me insane, but…
I want to kiss you.
Well, sorry to disappoint you.
You want to kiss me too.
I can feel it.
You're a conceited asshole.
Stop fucking with me.
I'd love to fuck you, right here.
On top of the desk.
Of course you would. Very much.
Because you've obviously missed me.
You're so close I can smell you.
Now we're tied.
What?
Two, two.
I hate you.
Hey, Maca, don't be like that.
That's what we're doing, right?
You did just humiliate me
in front of my class.
It's not the same thing.
Maca…
INTERNATIONAL SCHOLARSHIPS
I'm trying him again.
He's probably stuck in traffic.
FOR RENT
Maca!
We have to go over the Milan itinerary.
-It's gonna be an intense two days.
-You got that right.
Did you update my relaxation app?
I can't board if you didn't.
-It's handled.
-That's great, sweetie.
Maca, how can we not have time
for more fashion shows?
Are you sure this is right?
There's too much time for meals.
Change it however you want,
but fix it. Okay?
Here goes.
Hey, Pipa, about what happened
at the event the other night.
-With the shoes…
-Please get to the point.
Well, you should show me more respect
and not embarrass me
in front of your friends.
-Is that what I did?
-Yes.
And I can only take so much, you know?
Yeah. Maca, it's not so easy being me.
Okay.
-Maca, what's happening?
-It's turbulence. Relax.
-Go ask.
-Okay, I'm going.
-Return to your seats.
-Sorry.
Oh, God. I don't want to die.
I can't get it to fasten.
Maca, I'm so scared.
How do you think
I'll be remembered if I die here?
I want to be an icon.
Inhale. Exhale.
Maca, you need to record this. Come on.
Let's get my hair a bit messier.
I want it to be kind of shocking.
-How's this?
-Great.
Hi! We're here on a plane,
and it could be going down.
If something happens,
I want you to know that I love you all
and that I'm thinking of you.
And you can upload a video
with the hashtag #WeAreAllPipa.
We are all Pipa!
-Done?
-Yeah.
Oh, this just won't end.
Oh, Maca, I'm so scared.
Unbelievable. What are you doing here?
We're really nose-diving, huh?
You're thinking of me
in your final moments.
Not your parents, Jime,
Adriana, or world peace.
Just me.
Lately, I only think about
how much I hate you.
The fact is, you only think about me.
Is there a last wish I can grant for you?
A kiss? Or, if you want,
we can bang in the bathroom.
It's up to you.
What are you doing?
Maca, open up!
Maca!
Don't give me those looks. He deserves it.
You're so weird lately.
Post my video as soon as we land.
But you landed safely?
Yeah, it was just a scare.
-I think it was an astral journey.
-I think you hyperventilated.
The important thing is I locked him away.
He disappeared.
That's the problem.
You locked him away, but he's still there.
You should've thrown him out of the plane.
What happened the last time you saw him?
It doesn't matter. It was… the last time.
To the last time!
-To the last time!
What about you guys? What's new?
How about you?
How's life post-threesome?
Fine, but nothing special.
Nothing special? Really?
You try pussy for the first time,
and that's all you say? What the hell?
-I'm not gonna go into details.
-You should!
No.
So, with the hot girl, it was just okay.
But how'd it go with Julián?
I feel like… we're getting the spark back.
We turn each other on.
Messing around was good for us.
Because that's all it was.
Just messing around.
I wouldn't have made that bet.
I really thought you were tired of him,
that it couldn't be fixed.
-Tired of Julián?
-Yeah.
Girls, Julián is my family.
The last thing I want is to leave him.
To throw away the life we've built,
to find a new place to rent,
to take selfies for Tinder…
No, thanks.
How are things
with your physical therapist?
It didn't work out.
-What?
-But you were so good together.
Yeah.
But then something… went seriously wrong.
Jime.
You won't believe
what one of my patients gave me.
Isn't he adorable?
You can name him if you want.
-You ended it because he likes hamsters?
-He really likes them. He's obsessed.
This is the first relationship
you've had that lasted over a month.
And the sex was great.
Yeah, but...
he's so into hamsters.
So into them.
Adri, he obviously wasn't Santi.
I have to keep looking. That's it.
I gotta pee.
She went to cry in there.
And if she keeps this up…
she's gonna die alone.
Or maybe not.
-Good afternoon. Jimena?
-Yes.
Can I come in?
Yeah.
This is more than enough
to get you started.
I'm not sure
I can pretend to be somebody else.
What do you think acting is?
Sharing dog shelter posts
and going gluten-free?
Besides, in your ad,
you said you loved a challenge.
Well, I meant, like,
pretending I'm disabled or Norwegian.
What you're asking for
is straight-up crazy.
Hey, Santi broke his wrist skateboarding
three times.
-Yeah.
-Does that work for you?
Is she really gonna believe this?
Well, Jime's had
a complicated relationship with logic
for the last 11 years.
She'll believe you're Santi.
Then you can say goodbye to her forever.
You'll be setting her free.
And you'll be helping a great cause.
Actors are all about that, right?
Yeah. But what if she asks
about something that isn't in the notes?
You improvise.
Look, as an actor,
this is right in your wheelhouse.
Don't stress about it.
It's just two dates, and then it's over.
So? What's your fee?
Jesus. Man, I hate coconut balls.
It's very important
that you like coconut balls.
Well, it's gonna cost you.
My favorite's the second one.
Well, my favorite's the last one.
I know most people prefer The Two Towers,
but I just watched them,
like, 20 times, so I'm very sure.
And you didn't used to give a crap
about Tolkien?
My tastes have completely changed.
It's crazy.
Since when?
I don't know. Like two months ago.
The salts.
And all of a sudden,
I couldn't get your name out of my head.
"Jime Herrera…"
So, I knew I had to find you.
You must think I'm nuts, right?
Not at all.
What happened to your arm?
Yeah, that. I had this real urge
to hop on a skateboard.
So I bought one and then… triple fracture.
What bad luck, huh?
Can I ask you something?
Sure.
Name a band, a city, a type of cheese,
an animal you hate,
and an episode of The Simpsons.
Wow. Okay.
Let's see. Band? Slipknot.
Edinburgh. Emmentaler.
-The episode with Pinchy.
-A great one!
And… Oh, and rodents. I fucking hate them.
Where've you been hiding?
I FOUND HIM. HE'S SANTI!
Maca.
I just wanted to apologize.
For what happened the other day
in my office, and…
for everything.
I left without giving you an explanation.
I was so wrong.
So wrong.
And I'm so sorry because I swear
I never meant to hurt you.
You seemed pretty confident
in your decisions.
No. It was really hard for me
to live my life without you
by my side, bugging me 24/7.
I'm so sorry.
I truly am.
Friends?
Fine.
What are you doing here?
Complicating things for myself.
I made part of the guest list,
and, of course, Raquel had to be invited.
I added a plus-one for her.
But I'm praying she doesn't bring Leo.
Even though he's pretending to be
an adult now, I don't want to see him.
Maca!
Call Mateo. My ponytail's coming undone.
-Want me to fix it?
-No.
-Call Mateo.
-Okay. On it.
Mateo…
Maca!
-Hey.
-Is this purse yours?
Pipa gave it to me. It's from Milan.
She felt bad about the ceremony,
and sometimes she's nice.
Babe, they gave her
this purse in a showroom.
She didn't want it
because too many hands had touched it.
What?
I could cry from all this stress.
Don't cry. It's all right.
Raquel, I'm really sorry for what I said
the other day about Leo.
It's fine.
Actually, we're working on
communicating better,
and it's going well.
-I'm glad.
-Why don't we all get dinner sometime?
-No.
-Yeah. It'll be like a new beginning.
Time to pretend to be an adult.
-Sure.
-Bring whoever you want.
I'll let my boyfriend know.
Anyway, I gotta call Mateo,
Pipa's hairstylist.
I'll see you later.
-Okay. See you.
-Bye for now.
You can't spend your life
running away from him.
He apologized, you chilled out,
you haven't lost your focus.
You can be friends.
Friends? Are you kidding me?
Now I've heard it all.
We're gonna be friends with Leo now?
CRAPPY DECISION
-You can really throw 'em back, huh?
-Many years of practice.
I can see that.
WHY WON'T U RESPOND? ARE YOU MAD AT ME?
DID I DO SOMETHING WRONG?
Hey, could we go see
an exhibition this Friday?
There's one at the Reina Sofía
I've been dying to see.
It's about to close.
Yeah, I'm not sure.
I was thinking about coming back here.
-To the skate park?
-Yeah.
But neither of us can even get on a board.
Yeah, but I like being here,
hanging out with the guys.
Santi loved it here.
And I was planning
to score some weed and get a nice high.
I don't smoke joints like I used to.
Maca.
What are you wearing?
Remember, we love each other, we're happy,
we're moving in together,
and you're extremely intelligent.
Got it.
We're looking for something
around La Latina or Barrio de Letras.
I love those areas.
But we were thinking about
moving out of the city, right?
-Yeah.
-To the country?
But Leo puts on bug spray
anytime he goes past the M-30.
Then it's about time
he gets in touch with nature.
-Reconnect with Pachamama.
-Pachamama.
The truth is, the air quality
in the city has been awful lately.
But if you're going to live in La Latina…
Thank you.
Whatever my baby wants.
Coque, what is it you do, exactly?
Aside from getting very nice tattoos.
Thanks. Well, I do a bit of everything.
I DJ. I do podcasts, stand-up…
-Stand-up?
-Yeah.
Rent prices must've gone down
in the city, huh?
And what's your stand-up about?
-How are the urban gardens doing?
-Wait, don't tell me.
-Millennial sexcapades?
-You've seen my stuff!
It's cool you do so many things, Coque.
And they say there are no entrepreneurs
in this country. A toast.
You sound like an old man.
I kind of am one. In spirit.
Yeah. How old were you when you started
wearing a robe around the house? Ten?
That's a bit much. That's really too much.
-I bet you still wear it.
-Know what's too much?
Nobody knows where that robe went.
It mysteriously disappeared.
You can fess up to it. It's been years.
-No.
-Where is it?
I don't know.
It must've wound up in the same place as…
As what?
The same place…
-Yeah.
-I totally forgot about it! For real?
-No, not there.
-In the same place?
Yeah.
-No.
-Yes.
Do you know why I thought that?
Remember that time
your mom brought us lasagna?
We're really interested
in urban gardens, Raquel.
Because we want an apartment
with a balcony.
That's important. A balcony.
I don't know.
-He's not how I imagined.
-You can't judge a book by its cover.
-Right.
-Raquel really liked him.
That's because Raquel
is great with everyone.
-You're really moving in together?
-Why wouldn't we be?
I don't know, Maca.
I just can't picture you two together.
And who can you picture me with?
How interesting. Well, let us know.
Hey.
-Should we get going?
-Yeah.
-Let's do this again sometime.
-Soon?
-Soon.
-Yeah?
-Yeah.
-Bye.
-That went awesome, huh?
-How about a drink?
Hey, Adri. Are you free for lunch?
I don't know what to do. I mean…
I need to talk,
and you're the group's voice of reason.
I'll drop by your shop
at noon, okay?
You cutie.
Maca!
You look amazing.
Before you leave,
organize my bags too, okay?
I gotta go. I have plans.
If you hurry,
you'll finish before eight today.
-Okay. Have a good time.
-Thanks, sweetie.
MACA, I'M PASSING YOUR CV AROUND.
I'LL KEEP YOU POSTED.
Hi.
-How did you know where I work?
-I asked around.
Wow.
Sorry.
He can't stop with the apologies lately.
It suits him.
-Let me take you to dinner.
-Is Raquel joining us?
As in, "I want her to come."
No. The thing is,
I'm writing a research paper
on love in contemporary literature,
and… I'd really like to hear your opinion.
Something quick.
-Not a sit-down thing, okay?
-All right.
I like it overall, but… I don't know.
It's missing something.
Something like?
It needs to be more emotionally involved.
It's just theory. You analyze
these stories, but it's detached.
I see. So?
Take a look around you,
not just at the pages in a book.
Around me?
Yeah. At the people who are close to you.
Your memories. Your experiences.
You know reflecting on my own life
isn't my strong suit.
Are you hungry?
She isn't texting me back either.
Pipa must have her slaving away again.
-Definitely.
-So, how are you doing?
Just great.
Well, great
or more than great.
Or more than, more than great.
Really?
Well, Santi Part Two is…
I don't know. I can't even explain it.
Oh, but… You're still seeing him?
Of course. I spent years looking for him.
Now I gotta face the consequences.
JORGE, YOU HAVEN'T BROKEN UP WITH HER YET?
WHY?
I LOVE HER!
He's my man. Just like Julián's yours.
-Jime…
-What?
I get a 50% discount on wedding dresses.
-Interested?
-Great plan!
-Right?
-And in three months, a huge wedding!
Come on. Let's get going.
Crap.
-It's weird.
-What is?
You're the same guy,
but you're so different.
How?
I guess you seem more grown-up.
I get the feeling
things would be different now.
Don't get me wrong.
I'm not suggesting anything.
No, of course not.
It's just, Raquel looks so happy,
and you look so at peace,
and our relationship
was so different from that.
Maca, we were very happy too.
What we had was really special.
Maybe I'm just talking for myself here,
but I have great memories.
Sure.
I need you to think about what we had
as a great period in our lives, Maca.
It's true we had our share
of hard times too, but it was great.
And it helped us become who we are today.
I don't know who I am.
You're an amazing woman.
And a robe thief.
You're stubborn.
You're capable of inciting a student riot.
You're someone with dazzling eyes.
But most of all, you're stubborn.
Check out this house.
A water recycling system,
a vegetable garden, solar panels.
I love it.
Jime, I need to tell you something.
It's a message from Santi.
Jime, I'm getting something.
-From Santi?
-Yeah.
I'm getting that…
you're amazing
and I really like spending time with you.
I mean, we get each other, right?
-We laugh together.
-Yeah.
Santi and I connected the most
over our sense of humor.
-I'm funny too, right?
-Yeah.
Check this out.
"For it shows things that were,
and things that are,
things that yet may be.
But which it is that he sees…"
"Even the wisest cannot always tell."
-The Lord of the Rings?
-Yeah.
-I'm really happy with you.
-So am I.
-But you can't keep doing this, Adri.
-I know.
I think about it every day.
I know.
I gotta go.
Hey.
It's not your fault.
What I had with Raquel
wasn't going anywhere.
It's not your fault, but
since I saw you, I haven't been able
to stop thinking about you.
If this were a rom-com,
a torrential downpour
would start right about now.
Maca, I'm sorry. This wasn't my plan.
I know you still resent me
and I deserve it…
because I've been an idiot.
If you'd been the one to leave,
I would've been crushed.
You're right. I'm a dick.
I'm a conceited jerk
who ruins someone's life
and doesn't even have the balls
to apologize.
And, I'll admit,
it hurts to see you with somebody else
because I love you.
I love you.
Okay, now if this really were a rom-com,
I would've leaped into his arms.
I exist only when you look at me.
-Don't say that.
-It's the truth.
Even when I'm not looking,
you exist.
See? You're still exist, right?
Hey.
Want… milk?
Sure.
-Is this coffee?
-No.
-Milk?
-Just milk.
Just milk? Okay.
This is… Okay. All right.
-Here, in the Clarín one?
-Whichever one you want.
-Okay.
-Yeah.
Your clothespin looks nice.
Welcome to Pipa's world.
So, we finally get
to see the beast's lair.
-This is where you work, Maca?
-Yeah.
This is unbelievable.
-You're sure she's not gonna show up?
-Yeah. She's in Ibiza this weekend.
-I can't believe this!
-It'd be cool if she never came back.
-Remember, she's the one who pays me.
-Yeah, I know.
At her age, I still lived with my folks
and had no plans to move out.
-Hi, girls.
-Hi.
What's this?
-For fanning your ego?
-Oh, please do. Just a bit.
Careful. It'd take Maca
six months to pay that off.
This is insane.
Hey, how are you? I'm a millionaire,
and I get paid for posting on Instagram.
Adri, do I look like her?
-Not bad. Give me a bit more vanity.
-Yeah, I also need that tribal look.
And here's the best part.
-Help yourselves, ladies.
-Wait. We can try on anything we want?
-Yeah.
-That's crazy.
Take whatever you like from this pile.
They're gifts she hasn't opened.
I'm gonna cry.
-Oh là là, comment ça va ?
-Mon chéri.
Maca. Oh, Maca, don't eat, okay? Maca.
Maca, don't breathe.
I don't get why I haven't reached
ten million followers yet.
It's all your fault, Maca.
Sweetie, you know
I want you to wear heels.
It looks better.
Goodbye.
Here's to us.
And to getting wasted tonight.
Cheers.
Wow, Adri. You are smoking hot
in that dress. I can't believe it.
-Totally.
-Yeah?
Keep it.
-What?
-For real. It's yours.
Seriously?
I'll only be able
to squeeze into it for so long…
Don't start with those insecurities now.
Girls, there's something
I have to tell you.
You already know that…
well, that my life needed a change.
Listen, Adri,
what matters most is accepting it.
Don't worry,
we won't have any issues with it.
What's up?
Julián and I have decided
to take the next step.
We're gonna try for a baby.
We want a baby!
-I'm gonna be an aunt?
-Maybe even a godmother.
What? Oh my God!
Well, we've got to celebrate, right?
For sure. Somewhere
that's as great as this news is.
-Yes, please.
-I know this awesome rooftop bar.
-Let's go.
-It has a pool. You'll love it.
Hey. Head downstairs,
and I'll catch up with you.
-Okay.
Hello?
Bonsoir. Macarena Bartual?
-Yes, this is Macarena.
-I'm calling from Good Mode Magazine.
I'm Clément Dubois, the magazine's editor.
Yes? Hello, good evening.
-I assume you've heard of Good Mode.
-Yes.
Raquel sent us your CV
and a glowing recommendation.
I must say, we really like your profile.
That's great.
We need someone to manage
the magazine's new media strategy,
someone with experience in social media,
and we thought of you.
-Would you be interested?
-Thank you so much. You won't regret it.
I'll give it my all.
You'd be joining
our communications department.
But the position's based
in our Paris headquarters, not in Madrid.
-Have you ever been to Paris?
-Paris? Yes.
I love you a lot.
I love Paris. The Eiffel Tower,
pain au chocolat, croissants.
Super. We'd need you to start right away.
If you could give us an answer
in two weeks…
Two weeks. Oui.
Or earlier if you want.
Merci beaucoup, Macarena.
-Merci, au revoir.
I love you guys so much.
We'll always be together, right?
-Always.
Damn, you guys are the best.
I love Leo.
I love Leo!
I love him.
When I'm with him, it's like…
It's hard to put into words.
My head just explodes.
My heart too.
I think she's traveling back in time.
Maca, what year are you in?
Do they still have MP3 players?
Do cell phones have keyboards?
What do you got there, Snake?
-What?
-Maca, did you see him again?
After what he did to you?
Didn't you lock him in the plane bathroom?
What happened? He escaped?
I didn't want to.
Well, no, I did. He smells so good.
But I haven't forgotten
what he did to me. No.
Maca, look.
Weren't you trying to become empowered?
What the hell do I know?
-All right, that's it.
-No.
-I'm changing the song.
-Adriana.
Adriana!
Hey. He left you a total wreck.
He's your kryptonite.
Maca!
You ditched us for him.
We talked about this.
I get it now.
That's why you let Pipa walk all over you.
Because when he shows up,
you don't give a damn about anything else.
You need to stop this. Now. Right now.
I know what's good for me,
and I do the opposite. So what?
Just like how you're hung up
on the threesome girl,
and you still want a kid with Julián,
who you haven't cared about in years.
You fell for the girl from the threesome?
I saw you together.
-Fuck you.
-I saw you. I'd never seen you that happy.
You were beaming.
And now you're having a kid with Julián?
I don't know if things
will work out with Julia.
It's not that simple, you know?
Are you really going to settle
out of fear of being alone? Take a risk!
Says the one hiding behind
her first boyfriend to avoid moving on.
Okay, anything else
to confess, you vipers?
Yeah. Santi's dead!
That's right.
We all have our kryptonite.
And it seems easier
to keep it locked away than to face it.
That night, the three of us decided
to run from our uncomfortable truths
by seeking shelter at home.
How'd it go with the girls?
Good.
We have to do it today, right?
Wake me up early,
and we'll have a quickie.
Hey. What's wrong?
You scared me when you said it was urgent.
Are you okay?
Wanna get married?
Bonjour. Clément?
Yes, but I still have
three days to decide, right?
Okay. I'll let you know on Monday.
I'm still wrapping up a few things.
Yes.
Merci. Merci beaucoup.
After all, I'm not that bad off here.
Check this place out.
Maca!
Where did you put my eggplant belt?
Oh, why can't I ever find anything?
Coming!
I got a job offer.
It's a position at a really good magazine.
Really?
It's a great opportunity.
You're so talented, Macarena.
-Yeah, but--
-The Pipa thing's a dead end.
But the thing is…
I am so proud of you.
I love you.
I love you too.
I want to be
Whatever I want to be
I love myself
I want to see you free
I want to see you strong
I want to see you whole
Whole
And if we lost each other
We'll meet again
Far away
And if we meet
We'll have the clarity to see
What's coming our way
Accept and comprehend
That everything can end
Whole
Hi.
Hi, babe.
I got you folic acid. It's in the kitchen.
I asked about paternity leave at work,
and it won't be an issue.
You'll see. We've got this.
What's wrong?
Jime.
We're moving really fast, and I have
something important to tell you.
How about we see if this can work
without the spirit thing?
What?
I'm not Santi.
Your friends hired me to pretend
to be him and say goodbye to you.
So you'd finally be free.
But then I started
having feelings for you.
I'm sorry. I didn't want to lie to you.
I'm an idiot. That's it. I said it.
And they told you what he liked?
What bitches, right?
I fucking hate coconut balls and elves.
I do too.
I swear.
And this is a fake cast.
I can't wait to take this shit off.
Damn. So, you're an actor?
Yeah, that part's true.
Hey.
I really like you.
Do you still wanna get married?
I really like you too,
but I think we're better off as friends.
It's just… Look, I need to go.
But if you want to be friends,
I'm all for that, okay?
I don't know. Call me if you want,
and I'll get back to you,
and we'll be in touch.
I dunno. We'll see what happens.
I have to take care of
something really important. Sor--
I'm okay!
Bye!
Jimena, Samuel's seeing a patient.
It's okay, Victoria. Relax.
Relax. It's nothing.
Want me to put on some music?
DRINKS?
Two more steps forward and step up.
Perfect. There you go.
There. Hold on. I'll close the door.
Now, straight ahead.
There. Great.
Wait. Now turn to the right a bit.
A little further.
A little more.
Here.
-Ready?
-Yeah.
It looks the same.
But… what're we doing here?
Remember this?
-The photo from my pool membership card.
-You got it taken on our second date.
-Remember?
-Yeah.
I've kept it with me.
Because I never stopped loving you, Maca.
And this time, I'm not letting you go.
I know you so well…
but at the same time,
it's like we just met.
Maca…
I want us to live here together.
I want to wake up beside you every day.
And I want…
to eat breakfast with you
on this balcony every morning.
We'll eat breakfast
on that balcony every morning.
-Look at all this natural light.
-It's so nice. I love it.
Oh, and we can use this room as a study.
Money might be a little tight at first,
but it'll be worth it, won't it?
-Should we do it, then?
-You'd applied for a scholarship.
You were afraid to commit.
You know it. What're you doing?
-I'm gonna tell them we'll take it.
-Okay.
What are you doing?
I can't stand you.
Well, your past self
doesn't seem so upset.
Why, Leo?
Why don't you say it
when I get off that call?
Why don't you tell me
about the scholarship?
We could've gone there together.
If I go, it doesn't mean
I'm not madly in love with you.
I'm asking why
you can't be honest with me.
Because I'm afraid.
-Afraid of what?
-I don't know. Of losing it all.
You think I'll get the scholarship?
You needed to go by yourself.
That's why.
That's what you couldn't say to my face.
Now I get it, Leo.
She wasn't able to understand, but I am.
We're the couple
who's looking at the apartment.
-Tell her.
-It's great.
Can't you see how excited she is?
We love the apartment, and…
You're going to break her heart.
Okay. Tomorrow…
Tell her.
…we'll get the information to you…
Thanks so much. That's so nice of you.
I'm so happy.
I got a job offer in Paris,
and I'm gonna take it.
In Paris?
You could come with me if you want.
And what about my classes?
I know, I understand.
Maca…
is this because of Boston?
No, Leo.
For the first time,
it has nothing to do with you.
Something's changing in me
Growing
Something's changing in you
It's showing
I'm gonna find a light to make it bright
All of these moments
Leaving behind what I need to leave
And continue growing
You're doing a wonderful job, Luigi.
It's amazing. It's fantastic.
Macarena, I didn't call you.
What are you doing here?
-I'm going.
-Where?
Working for you has been literal hell.
You couldn't be
more cold-hearted or obnoxious.
And you know what, sweetie?
You're never going to be anyone's icon.
Macarena, stop.
What is she doing?
Cheers.
You're fired.
Thanks!
I'm walking, consciousness, freedom
I'm walking awake…
Hey.
I tried you both,
but neither of you picked up.
Well, I know you called me before
and I was the one who didn't answer,
so we're all assholes.
I just… wanted to let you know
that I'm moving to Paris.
For real.
I got a job at a great magazine.
And… I ended things with Leo.
It was going well, but…
I can't think about him right now.
Though I am thinking about you two.
I couldn't care less if you want
to have kids or if you're necrophiliacs.
I love you anyway.
So, I hope you're proud of me.
I made it.
I'm where I always wanted to be.
And I wish… you the same,
whatever it is that you want.
Hi.
Come in.
Remember that we're more than
the choices we make, right or wrong,
and that we made it this far together.
I hope I can learn to be on my own.
It doesn't scare me anymore.
But I know it's gonna be hard.
I know that I can call you
when I'm feeling down
and that you'll visit, and…
I love you so much.
I miss you already.
Hello.
Good morning.
I really feel like myself here,
the way I want to be,
without caring what people think,
and I'm proud of myself.
WE MISS YOU!
-A selfie for my Spanish friends?
-Sure.
Nice.
I love it.
My life was missing a lot of things
when I got that job offer.
But now I've embraced my past,
my present, and my future.
Now I know love doesn't have to hurt.
Now I know that you need to learn
to love yourself first.
And only when you do that
can you really be ready to love…
and share your life with someone else.
Wait a minute.
If this were a rom-com,
then this is how it would end.
BASED ON THE NOVELS BY ELÍSABET BENAVENT